update guide to use ucp hosted login service (#20)
Universal-Connect-Project/universal-connect-widget: application/README.md

# Quick How-to

> ## FIRST: Get familia with [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## FIRST: Get familiar with [dotenv](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dotenv)
```

### The API server
  1. Run `npm run keys` in `/application` to generate a new set of `key` and `IV` values.
  2. Fill in the `CryptoKey` and `CryptoIv` in your newly created `application/.env` file with the generated `key` and `IV`.
  3. Sign up a UCP client account: [here](https://ucp-login.sophtron-prod.com/) (the `Click here to login` link navigates to the aws hosted login page where sign up option is available).
  4. Generate and view your client secrets once registered and logged in
  5. Fill in the `UcpAuthClientId`, `UcpAuthClientSecret` and `UcpAuthEncryptionKey` in the `application/.env` file with the values provided by login page.
  6. Start the API server by running `npm run server` in `/application`. At this stage, the API server is running and the widget is available at `http://localhost:8080`.

  *Please remember that secrets are passed through environment variables instead of hardcoded in the js file.*

>   DO NOT put any credentials in any of the js files. this way it will get accidentially committed and leaked to public

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  DO NOT put any credentials in any of the js files. If you do so, it could accidentally get committed and leaked to public.
```

>   USE `.evn` FILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  USE `.env` FILE
```

*To get a working demo locally, you need to act as a client (who embeds the widget within their own domain). An [example demo website](../example/README.md) is provided to demonstrate this.*

  1. Acquire credentials for one of the supported aggregators (currently MX or Sophtron). To sign up with MX, go [here](https://dashboard.mx.com/sign_up).
  2. Fill in the relevant credentials in `example/application/.env` file by following config options in [example/application/config.js](../example/application/config.js) (e.g., if you want to see `mx bank` working in the widget, `MxClientId` and `MxApiSecret` must be provided).
  3. Fill in the `UcpClientId`, `UcpClientSecret` and `UcpEncryptionKey` in the `example/application/.env` file with the values provided by login page (the same values used in step 5 for the 'The API server' section).
  4. Run `npm ci` and `npm run start` in `example/application` folder to run the demo website.
  5. Open `http://localhost:8088/loader.html?env=http://localhost:8080` in a web browser.

*Please use `.env` to provide the api secrets using the keys in `config.js` as the variable names.*

> DO NOT put any credentials in any of the js files. this way it will get accidentially committed and leaked to public

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DO NOT put any credentials in any of the js files. If you do so, it could accidentally get committed and leaked to public.
```

> USE `.evn` FILE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USE `.env` FILE
```
